Prayer on the deceased child
This message came from Bahrain, the sender says: I am Hamed Mohammed Abdel Hamid from the Arab Republic of Egypt
and resident in the State of Bahrain brother, and follow your program Nur on the path, and I am very pleased to answer the questions of listeners,
says: I heard in the program of the virtue of scientists that the child Who died to pray for him, and I died of four children, not less than one year old,
and did not reach them because I am the commissioner of my father, please advise you God?
There is no doubt that the correct child that he prays on him, the young child is praying on him, this is the right thing, and some of the scholars said that he should not pray for him
but it is correct to pray for him. If ignorance and burying him, But he should be aware of the future and not be buried until he prays on him
wash and cry and pray on him like the big, wash the shroud and the best and pray on him and then bury like a young man
his is the project and this is the duty, and this is probably the scholars in the young child. Yeah.